I have worked at this company longer than I have been having sex
From Kathleen
Can I get an AMEN yall
I saw one of these on my drive today. May be one of the absolute dumbest things I have ever seen
Let's see if any of y'all can figure out what to do
_Did somebody say *WHITE PEOPLE*?!?_
A manager has forgotten their own email password for the second time now and asked me to set it for them and that they weren’t going to change it.

So at first I made it 3m45Xz65%l

But then decided to go with: Rememberme420!
The rare flippin the bird underbelly shot
HEY YOU FUCKS REMEMBER WHEN YOU DIDNT VOTE FOR CRACKER BARREL IN A BRACKET CHALLENGE?!?
They have made a terrible mistake
I just fucking exploding out my butthole
Blue Pill

I'll do anything to not re-live that Super Bowl
Has anyone here seen someone on social media claiming the COVID vaccines… magnetize them…?
The punch line
I want my life to be more cute like this. 
WILLIE HAS NOT HAD A GOOD DIP IN TWO DAYS
My dad used to just pour a bunch of multivitamin and stuff into a giant bowl and just kinda take a handful of them
Don't tell my wife I said that
I am maaaaad!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
Like, "Yeah. I know what you mean. They told my brother he was getting deployed on Friday at noon. I think it'll be unexcused so he'll fail college now"
Grizzly wintergreen for lunch for me
But stay the FUCK away from excel
I think I’ve run out of internet
A coworker just brought their dog in to the new office even though dogs are explicitly banned. She let it come in my office for one sec and I just started yelling _NOPE!_ _NOOOOOPE!_

From Kathleen:

Can you respond with: "Yes, but I will be having one of my friends there as an arbitrator in case things get...messy....His name is William, but he goes by The Oracle"
So I havent read LOTR, but

I just started reading LOTR quotes: WTF. They almost made me start crying
I’ve been more friend with my dad for more of my life, but that comes with its downsides too. Like the time I let his girlfriend at the time’s cat out of his condo right before school. He called me a mother fucker before 7:30am:joy:
I am indeed losing my mind one cup of coffee at a time
I just shat myself at work
<@U4WDCGERX> Like what do I respond to this?
Cant wait! Huge Zuck fan. Everything he touches is GOLD
Tell me what you know about PewDiePie

Creating an "ItsaPackageDeal" tweet generator:

Even if you aren't a Christian and you haven't taken a literal look at Jesus you know that the humor is at the center of the matter.
"The only problem you must keep in mind is that this is a story about me! Because I didn't get the chance to play the same game over six nights. My first time, I played a bit over a half dozen times. And I never got over the lack of fun of each new game I played so I tried to re-think every situation I could think of. I thought about a lot of other things, thinking about how to spend my money when the odds are stacked against me, and learning how to become better at what I do (and who I am!)."
Damn it...
Sometimes I have chats with slackbot
<@U5R6C33PE> and I on one of the last day’s at Carlisle looked up how to get sugar mommas and just be rich boy toys
I happened to be walking next to a pregnant woman who was leaving the polling location as I was walking up. So, we were walking a Normal distance for two strangers to be walking but close enough where I guess someone thought we were a couple. They then proceed to yell at us “oh my gosh! Stop being so cute you two! I bet you cant!”

And we were like... what? But wearing masks you can’t see facial expressions so it was very weird
I am so confused at this search and ad combo
Granddaddy says, “jag-U-war-zzz”
What if all the candidates were given a standardized test with political questions. They all had a pen and had to write down their answers in the allotted time like every student in the US. Then, all responses are read aloud by Fran Drescher after saying who wrote the answers being read aloud

Dear internet,

How do I tell my dad he is a FUCKING MENACE rewinding live events to watch a Wendy’s commercial AGAIN
so my heat is fixed! I think the heating and cooling probably think I am a huge stoner though. I just have beatles vinyl sitting on the floor by a record player while listening to the beatles on my computer in sweatpants
Sometimes, my new nicotine pouches give me the hiccups
Do they realize they are both old, senile white _cis_ (did I use this right) male?
Imagine me up there:

"So, Mr. Spicer, what do you think about us withdrawing troops from Syria and allowing Turkey to invade"

Me: "Well, Anderson, there are bout 302540 points of view on this, so this might be a little over time _chuckles_
 crickets from the audience
Where to even _begin_ on shitting on y'all's shitty ass musical taste
Buddy Brown: "The first time I had a good time at a movie screening at the Ritz, I walked out with a lot of money. I had some friends on my way back through university who were not happy. I started trying various activities I couldn't be more proud of. And then I was able to get my first job working in a tech company. I felt like a huge outsider. But when someone put the word "big" and "business" in front of my eyes that just felt right to me"
I just had a bizarre moment on Facebook where someone who I would bet loads and loads of money was a Trumper had a post actually bashing Trump. But it started out by saying, "I have never, and will never, understand the _infatuation_ with this man as our President." I thought that word at first was infuriation. So I kept reading the post and was so confused. To my delight, I went back and re-read the post. What a post!
What if you told him he was fired?

Like what if that became your _job_? It was 8-10 hours/day of every call coming in you knowing that the person's account is deleted, and that the managers dont have the balls to fire them. So, you do it. You become the office nightmare. Everyone fears you. There's even talk of never being able to actually look you in the eyes because the person would die. That's why you do it all over the phone. Being fired is better than being dead
_just runs around slower than everyone else and complaining and falling off horses_: _The William Spicer story_
Oh... let's not do this
Play :clap:Halo :clap: and :clap:stream it :clap:
_Alright kids. Jabcon is having a BIT of an existential crisis. So we are watching a movie_
Globalization will force sex changes on Fox News
In the morning
I promise you do not want to fuck with this Billionaire apologist. And no, that's not me , a billionaire and apologist, but rather a person who defends billionaires. How very noble...
ah. That's the willy bot's call
It's the part of the brain that regulates peace and tranquility
Exactly! I was trying to be a spectator, but I couldnt because I am the spectacle
That may be the shittiest gift I have ever seen.
This is the poké crack house

I still find this hilarious over a year later 


We just started using slack at work. I so hope I can keep my nice persona over there. It is very easy for me to slip into my pre-Beatles, pre-dip <#C8JLKS718|econpolitics> vibe
<@U55A1N2G5> has left the channel
Just had a burp that lasted so long I like lost my breath and had to kind of choke myself on my burp to stop it
Currently watching little bear. Not much else going on!
Fuck TE camp
Bernie was politically active when the Beatles were creating new albums.

Just the blood of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
It scared me
Whew. I am fired up and going to score a hockey goal tonight
When the motion sensor lights go out after like 3 min on you in the bathroom :see_no_evil::hankey:

This man ran a few jimmy John’s in the Birmingham area. So my shocked pikachu face was in full swing
I guess I could
I wish we had the ability to have our picture on the “top scores/main” report screen. The avatars match very well with the crown. I use the one Jake made in my other sleeper leagues and it looks amazing



Aaron’s right. Just fucking kill them
I would love to have a talk: "Why cryptocurrency is bad, blockchain is genuinely an awesome technology, and NFTs just need better fans"
Sorry everyone. Hadnt had a dip yet
There are 62 seasons of _The Real Housewives of ___________ on Peacock
But how will people ever listen to me _shred_ on that Synyster Gates custom Schecter?
Sometimes, I forget to put the laugh emoji on a great post because I am just too excited to jump on in to the dialogue! Any one else feels this way?!?

C'mon Gentlemen!
None is joke. I am expert. I have podcast.
By the power of :paul: and :john: I resist you!
Yeah but Machiavelli is a groveling piece of shit
May I ask who the sociopath is again?
I want to stir the pot
I cannot believe this:

<@U6YFCJUSW> Brother in law and kathleen’s cousin both graduated this year. These are the two different invitation to grad parties.
You like apple right?

Crazy! I saw the same thing!
The NFL is thankful that game is over
GM
Man... I just WISH people like Jeff could have REAL gun rights, and we could all have nuclear weapons!

The fact that I can’t have any weapon is an act against my God-given right!
Eh. “Beefy boys” seems like fair play. I’ll accept the legal fees to take it to council
I told yall. The NFL is for libs and Pan-sexuals like Joshua now. We won that fucking battle and it feels good
Brother, I love you, but you _gotta_ tag me in important shit like this. What if I had missed it
What I am scheming here is for the Preds to throw all their ad dollars at Sikeston and for it to become a safe haven for the preds
I think the fact that KRYSTAL was the first burger place that popped into this guy's head is enough for me to say hell no
Do not do the ouija board
You should stream it on twitch if you do it though
Visceral imagery
stanned?
I'm also listening to LAmb of God after having a 30 minute discussion on how I broke stuff and choked someone out so I'm ready to fucking roll boys
hm.. not bad
I absolutely don't understand meditation or mindfulness of the kind where you “sit and watch your thoughts pass you by and decide which ones to let keep going, which ones to grab and ponder, and which to take and remember for a later time”. It doesn't work for me as a daily thing. 

I was recommended, one of the very few recommendations from my therapist, to try out a sensory deprivation tank, but my daily way is to take a shower with all the lights off in a bathroom with no windows and put a towel down at the crack of the door. It's just 15 min of me without one of my senses and it just kind of shocks me and comforts me at the same time.

And that system is the dumbest, most illogical, most inefficient shower method, but I already liked thinking showers anyways. So, it brought this strange comfort in a more physical way. I had to “feel around” sometimes. Idk. It's not spiritual, but it's certainly not logical to do either, but mixing the physical shock in a time when I'm normally mentally active anyways was useful and somewhat fun(?) to me.

But the sitting there thing seems worthless. At least I get clean in the shower
Never seen the movie of course
Sounds.....sweaty
Boost shit speed with morning nicotine
Have the Titans ever sacked the quarterback?
Sam Darnold’s projection is damning
Welcome to my business relationships. Me, my boss, and our Point of sale sales rep (he’s like the southeast regional sales director)
Yeah. Like Cracker barrel sucks dick to go
Liberal cucks shat on me earlier.
I tried
Guys, you deleted someone else's comment. That is not allowed and an abuse of power
I can see my daily TikToks are not fairing well on the slack algorithm.
-W.W. Spicer
Imagine being at recess about to play football and you get to pick Pat Mahommes first for your team
Did anyone else have trouble going to sleep last night afte rthe stream because you were so jacked up?
I'm sorry, I dont like making B-eau jokes, but the _Tulsi Gabbard can do me bit_ slays me
This should be good in the AM
Oh my goodness.
A lady at church this morning prayed, “Lord please obliterate this corona virus” and I audibly laughed imagining someone asking God to “Exodia” an infectious disease.


<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoI8CsUrLxk&amp;feature=share|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoI8CsUrLxk&amp;feature=share> :35
ah... it's that part of the day again when everyone gets to view the mind of willie faltering
Except Blink. They fucking lose in close calls every time

Throw it in the FUCKING trash!

<https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/qie8n3/packers_rb_aj_dillon_is_apparently_attempting_to/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=mweb>
I turned my desk so no one could see my screens. It makes no sense organizationally in the office, but it is HIGHLY effective
Oh! That is VERY cool for that age! To go full metal exploring the world!
Yes noah. We know
Paddywax actually refuses to use an automated email system, so Noah has to manually type every email address
One month to answer y'all! Take your time
I’m sorry... you’re contribution to The Cause was tremendous in helping us get to this point. We are proud and honored to have had you on board with us towards this great quest for a free-to-play Rocket League! You will be getting a lot of free cosmetic items too!
Can you imagine being that kid and at 5 asking their parents who's picture was that above the mantle, and the parent responding with

"It is you. in 25 years"
Crisis averted
Your shame no longer works!
Damn <@UKZ94ABE3> get a dip in! We have families!

"COPY and SHARE. God bless!" Needs to be a song title
_in Bernie's voice_ "The only thing.. that can hold me back... from getting to the White House...and fighting against the Insurance companies....Big Pharma...Monsanto... and the 1%...is truly death itself."
I am too good at knowing what these conservatives think
:john:
Does Broken social scene really need all those members?
_Uh... how do I claim Lamelo Ball on my taxes?_
I cant believe we had a chance to run an entire business and that business was Jet's Pizza and we missed it

I hope there is Sitar
Also, GM everyone
hey hey hey!
Love this little signature
So what did we learn here?
Wtf… I feel like I have the record for listed edited attempts at a simple “GM”
But you cant do a nicotine test
"A haggard of a sad, a "scandalous individual". A scandalous person who just doesn't know what to say about your house.  The haggard is on the Internet, and has been for over forty years. He's actually an Internet commenter, not one of those guys that all-too-often gets all the attention."

It's okay. Mine was "Candle in a mason jar at Target" bad
GM 
Oh. We have the substance bowl as well!

Not really a rivalry though. More like a friendly poking
Can you tell I had a week off from the beatles while in Texas. I am trying to catch back up on peace and love
Can I have your account log in please?
Ty. This may be the 1st time I've ever had anyone tell me I was "calming them down"
:spider:
What if I told you they bought them to _make_ money
To be honest, I still don't understand the full functionality and power of slack. That's why my messages are confusing.. Also, my keyboard is as stiff as 13 year old Spicer at a blink-182 concert, so that causes lots of typos
Oh gosh

First time caller. Long time listener.
Well... see y’all in 2040 with my VR house with my topshot collection in my sports watching room:joy:
I’m in love
Yeah. I already decided if I get fired for not doing my work today, it is worth it
Oh yeah. Gary V.... What's the deal with that guy?
Halo 2. Next bracket
Oh no
Okay you fucks wanna hate on me for voting against CFA, but y'all out here "thinking Arby's" when Waffle House always be there for you?! Like Arby's is that girl who is there in the good times, but when things go south, the close up. Waffle house always there for you welcoming you with open arms all hours of the day, throug hurricanes and snow storms, waffle house be there with an all star special
Like. It's _preetttyy_ good
"Carrier  Optimization" and pointing to the bun gets me every time
Unfortunately, it was an in-law who is most likely to change in some way, so I didnt want to just rip them
Where as I feel like Aaron and Evan would have been first rounders.
Should I muddy the waters any yet?
4. I wasted 6 figures of education reading the dude. I should be able to pick out a fake
Sounds like it could also be:

1. Something a Vegan eating group calls their meetings
2. What our new BDSM friends Kristen and Aaron do
Dude fuck this fucktard
Y'all ever hide a present for someone and then can't remember where you hid that thing?
You know what may help with this...........
people man
There is a belligerent man at self checkout at Kroger in Dallas losing his mind. It is like a TikTok

Wow! It feels good to just go balls deep on a topic one way or the other
<@U5R6C33PE> here’s my audition tape to be your hormone monster
Listening to gecs in NYC subway. Solved the student debt crisis last night. Feeling pretty damn good #blessed
