PROFILE
Problem-solving food professional turned self-taught programmer.  A mind for data with a heart for hospitality. Has a vision for technology to be something genuinely helpful instead of an impediment. Intuitive, kind, and analytical. Driven by helping others from lending a hand to developing systems to make things easier
EXPERIENCE

Resume:
Hattie B’s Hot Chicken May 2015-June 2022
Operations Analyst, Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, Nashville, TN - 2018-2022
Managed IT infrastructure, including SSO and active directory with Okta, integrating with Wisetail LMS, Toast POS, ADT security, Jamf Apple device manager, Ctuit inventory management software, Olo online ordering, and Thanx mobile platform.
Created weekly, quarterly, and annual financial reports, providing data-driven insights to assist strategic decision-making, including weekly meetings with operators to minimize waste and improve profitability.
Wrote Python scripts for automated report generation, streamlining operations, creating a bi-annual employee review system, and gaining insights on guest review data.
Oversaw technological aspects of building projects, from pre-construction planning with ADT security setup and Toast POS/KDS locations to hardware installation of the POS/KDS.
Participated in contract negotiations with 3rd party vendors, including Uber Eats and DoorDash, ensuring great pricing for our business.
Researched and made decisions on all technology hardware and software purchases to ensure cost-effectiveness and proper integrations to ensure smooth operations.
Trained employees on technology systems, creating comprehensive training videos and FAQs with visual aids.
Handled IT help requests from all employees across all departments, providing prompt and practical solutions to technical problems.

Manager, Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, Nashville, TN - 2016-2018
Supervised and coordinated staff members to ensure smooth daily operations and exceptional customer service.
Managed daily financial operations, including cash handling, bank deposits, and sales tracking.
Conducted regular inventory checks and managed supply orders to maintain optimal stock levels and reduce waste.
Trained new employees on restaurant procedures and service standards.


Travel Year, Workaway, 2022-2023
-	Traveled through Europe working on farms, vineyards, and in households in exchange for room and board. These experiences included wine harvest in Mosel Valley, Germany, clearing land in County Cavan, Ireland, and working in an olive grove in Mirca, Croatia. 
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATES
-	Auburn University, Auburn, AL - Master’s of Business Administration, 2018
-	Auburn University, Auburn, AL - Graduate Certificate in Business Analytics, 2018
-	Union University, Jackson, TN - B.S. in Political Science, 2015
-	Foundations of Humane Technology course completion

SKILLS
-	Python 
-	Database Management 

-	Google suite

-	Data visualization


Participated in hardware installations and full swap of new Point of Sales and Kitchen display screens and roleld out training

Setup SSO sign on for the company's new Learning Management System to help facilitate better access management across all technology systems.


Predictive models used:

K means Clustering
Random Forest Regressor
Logistic Regression
NLP and NLTK for company reviews
